    Project Name: Library Managment System.
    By: Ali 
    Date: 10.06.2020
    Version 01_10.6.2020 
     
    Code availabel on: www.ahradwani.com 
    
    Details: 
        The project is to Plan, design and builed a simple Library Managment System (For Books), the main
        Functions in the system are: 
           (Functions in version 1) 
          = Add New Book.
          = Edit an exsit Book. 
          = Delete a Book.
          = Search.
          
          
     Planning. 
        In this step we need to set with the Buisness owner to identify the problem and plann the project, but since 
        we will work as FullStack (we will do every thing) and this is a training session, we will be the 
        Buisness owner of the project and will set the problem. 
     
     The Problem: 
        In a very simple way, we have some books and we want a system to store the books in a way that we can retreave
        it's basic information such as Title, Auther, Subject and other information about it, also we need to do some
        search and get basic statistics about our Library. 
        
     Data Gatharing : 
        First We need to define the Data we wannt to stoe, as we are talking about a Books Library System we 
        can predect this very easelly even by looking to a book that we have and write-ddowan the keies part of 
        the book we want to store, 
        In this project we have three main Entiteis: Books, Aouthers, Boroers. in this version of the 
        project we will NOT cover the borowing functionality. 
        
        
        So we will store the following data:
             
           Books  
                Book Name, Book Auther, date of publitio, Edition Number, book clasification number, 
                [The book classification will be as a new entity ]
                   
                  
           Auther: 
                Auther name, Auther Nationalety, email, SMA (social media account). 
                [From the Aouther information we can see that we need to define new entitie
                we will call it SMA.]

           Classification:
                Book Id, Class name

            SMA: (social media account for the Aouthers) 
                SMA name, SMA link 
                

         To Manage our System we will write Four main functions for each entity 
          Add, Edit, Delete and search.

          
 

          


